I would have to say Devin McCourty he's
very good player girl especially my
freshman year he know these things he's
too kicked my behind half the time but
just to go at it father down muhammad
umair what made him so tough I mean that
the kids hungry every single play goes
out there and tries to make a place got
it you got it out want the ball from
Mohammed top pocket take Jeremy zoo top
artists got great hands he's been sold
I'm and I've seen him an ad so those two
day prior naked a baby and sue got some
guys oh I'm gonna have to say this well
this camp and this year the one that's
really got me the most is probably david
rowe safety he's uh he's had a great job
he's getting really good at UH and you
know picking our guys and knowing what
they're doing and reading our outfits
and he'll give me a few times on some
stuff but uh he'd probably the one right
now I'd have to go with it was
definitely hard to get the plan against
Kenny and a tie but I'd have to give
that ran to these receivers we got now
I mean I mean they're just so diverse
Coleman can you stretch up and down the
field and sucking mark and smooth you
know it's hard to take down and got
Quran and mazal put their ship you
something mrs. it's definitely uh we
definitely have our hands full trying to
stay competitive on the office of line
I'd probably say you know I didn't go
against them that much but uh Andy Davis
was a great player i think desmond win
is really turning into a great player
right now Antoine Larry I think David
osage developed into a great player too
so I think all those guys have really
done a great job you know and they've
gotten me better when you going against
Selena best play I've been against was a
devin mccourty I'll never forget
freshman year coming out thinking I was
the boss coming out of high school had a
go route went straight up on top of me
took it right over my head ever since
that day I had so much respect for him
is so much love for what he does
probably I'm silvestro he was good with
his hands he had good moving he was top
layer to block the helpers play offense
at Rutgers would have to be corny green
he's one guy could not make miss an open
field every time I got know for sure one
almost him I'm almost positive attacking
me every time